sound of the new props is a lot less
impressive very quiet these only hear em
anyway agera you notice the difference
in sound you don't hear any more half of
the phone is gone it's got certainly
more speed
are those the same size props that were
in it before Norwich the I put mass
props ma master esco pro pro right we're
saying
coming in gear down
with the flaps their flaps
the club
good so I'm shaking still salsa that was
how many minutes and eight minute time
or seven minutes 7 minutes 6 6 6 45 okay
we'll check the badly nice and the mass
props makeover thing so the mass props
make no noise or they fly villas and
they got lots of to us they fly better I
like the noise that the other ones made
but yeah that was more